hey what's up guys extra some is here
again and I'm finally coming at you with
my dark magician of delusions that
profile yes I finally finish this deck
and I do apologize that it took me quite
a while but here it is alcohol voice
really quickly and if you use the way
network and if you use their fro there
will be a download link in the
description below just like I mentioned
in every single video at that profile
video of mine so those are the cards and
yeah and this is the extra deck you can
add triple of dark edition of illusions
it will make no difference the reason I
have Cosmo Queen and the side decades
that you can replace him with dark
magician because he's the strongest
normal type spell caster in the game
remember guys not an actual side deck
these are some cards that you can also
add to the deck and over in a garment
because to break out Dark Magician of
illusions you really need to get rid of
your opponent background so get to
getting rid of the two upstart
government to adding two nite beam won't
really affect you it just for protection
Maggie Maggie magician girl she's the
most beautiful card I've ever seen I can
just feel my heart swelling and getting
bigger and by my heart I mean that
dark-sided cooperated by the one here or
some do replies I wanted to show you
guys I had like eight do replies to show
you guys but unfortunately each time
like I tried to play them and error
occurs for some reason I don't know why
exactly but this error just keeps just
coming up every time I go to the main
phase right now and just this is an
error occurs I was playing against the
lights warm deck over here it was just
so awesome I yearly educated but it was
just a bit of fun too but i will upload
the duel replies as soon as i get it
fixed I do apologize for that alright
guys I hope you enjoyed this video if
you enjoyed with your click that like
button subscribe for more videos as I
mentioned it the download link is in the
description the do replies are coming
soon
and I tested this deck it was a hundred
percent so make sure you should be
played because this really free just so
much fun just using Dark Magician again
it's just so much fun alright guys next
time sign it up and i'll see you in the
next video